The PhoneNamesGuide

T	his program requires one program: phone_names.c and
requires at least one 'dictionary' file with an '.dic'
extension.

The usage of executing this program is:

phone_names.c [dictionary]... string

	This program will determine the different words
that a series of valid string, or phone numbers can create. 
It accomplishes this task through one or more dictionary
files that the user must specify when executing the program.
For example, one can execute this program through using
the following command:

phone_names.c EXAMPLE.DIC 2.DIC 3337

	In which this program will search both files for any kind of
possible words that could be made on a numerical phone of
the characters 3337. 

	The user can do an initial search by executing the program,
however the program does repeat itself in that the user can
continue to enter information on a prompt, in the exact
same format they used to execute the program with the exception
of the file name phone_names.c. This can continue until the
user wishes to exit, in which case the proper command on the
prompt is simply 'done', without the quotes.

This program will require as a prerequisite:
-A proper initilization
-One valid .dic file,
-A String for matching
The program cannot run without these two requirements. There are
some other restrictions:
-If the dictionary file does not end in .dic, the program will
notify you of it's findings and simply ignore the file.
-The program will not explicitly notify you of not finding
any results. Blank results usually indicate no results found.

	During the course of the program some error messages
may occur. Here is a brief list:
-Dictionary file may not open for various reasons.
-The program may not fork correctly. This is due to perhaps
a lack of system resources.
-The program may hang on not being able to wait for it's
concurrent processes.


There is one notable bug: Sometimes a Bus error may occur.
If this occurs, try other input for now, as this is 
a problem that should be fixed in a patch.

PNG v. 1.1

